chore!: Bump Rust dependencies, support k8s 1.32 (#938)
stackabletech/operator-rs: crates/stackable-operator/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Added
> 
> - BREAKING: Aggregate emitted Kubernetes events on the CustomResources thanks to the new [kube feature](https://github.com/kube-rs/controller-rs/pull/116).
>   Instead of spamming the same Warning over and over it now uses `EventSeries` to have a nice - single - Age `3s (x11 over 53s)`.
> 
>   First off this makes `report_controller_error` async.
>   Also you now need to pass a `Recorder` instead of a `Client` instead.
>   You need to store the `Recorder` across all `reconcile` invocations, so that it can do the aggregation correctly.
> 
>   Also make sure that the operator has the permission to `patch` events (previously only `create` was needed)! ([#867]).
> 
> ### Changed
> 
> - BREAKING: Bump all Rust dependencies (except opentelemetry-related) and enable Kubernetes 1.32 (via `kube` 0.98.0 and `k8s-openapi` 0.23.0) ([#867]).
> 

Reviewer: suggestion:

```suggestion
### Added

- BREAKING: Aggregate emitted Kubernetes events on the CustomResources thanks to the new
  [kube feature](https://github.com/kube-rs/controller-rs/pull/116). Instead of reporting the same
  event multiple times it now uses `EventSeries` to aggregate these events to single entry with an
  age like `3s (x11 over 53s)` ([#867]):
  - The `report_controller_error` function now needs to be async.
  - It now takes `Recorder` as a parameter instead of a `Client`.
  - The `Recorder` instance needs to be available across all `reconcile` invocations, to ensure
    aggregation works correctly.
  - The operator needs permission to `patch` events (previously only `create` was needed).

### Changed

- BREAKING: Bump Rust dependencies to enable Kubernetes 1.32 (via `kube` 0.98.0 and `k8s-openapi`
  0.23.0) ([#867]).

```

Author: Thanks!
